#summary A Buddy list for sync
This is the default buddylist for jTorchat.<br/>
If you are online often, then please add yourself here.<br/>
Otherwise remove your entry (if already on the list).<br/>
If you don't have access to edit this page <br/>
write a comment and we will do it for you.<br/><br/>

The jTorchat will use this URL https://jtorchat.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Buddy_List.wiki
------------------------------------------------------------------------

{{{

p36ggotckdl5hkun userid0dev
djtcxftb2pwmxjvk!switchboard operator
6bvpyp2n7vhcabkv mr_p
bgboqr35plm637wp daux2a
//h4bgvowxg33b5akq neu3no.de // got annoyed by too many newcomers, just add him manually if you want to chat to him.
5lr7m2lqa7gdxucf ami
kojz446wdcntugbh pro3phec
xpo6lqilqymo2tll Blackbird-NSA
d4la2j3emz2gzsxz Porlington
q76zcfa4lx3jd2ow D
3oiz24zami6ytwxy pirr
px56jry4o7qkslmz Smith Rachael 75
tkzgwf4q2gmg6fxp aj00200
iq6skil54dt2ypqx sdk
kjsp4nljkhntrwfg tony
6twbl6o7ucz6ld6d gonzon
f2s4ia2gjllzixg3 petra

===== INFODESK PROJECT ============
The Infodesk project is a network of netcitizens who have aspired to be the connecting dots for newcoming jtorchat users. They will essentially be the living addressbook for the torchat network, helping to connect people together.

There is one for every region on earth.

tl;dr: Infodesk operators are living address books

yffsghiwlxo3huaq!infodesk - Coordinator - jtorchat
bwkuztdwo4a43uql!INFODESK Africa - Punupun
d3fxnntczxbqgkql!INFODESK Central Europe - BadMad
xzjxkjla7w2423ir!INFODESK South America - juanperez
gp7rti2lqttb62aw!INFODESK Oceania - antonixa

===== Other Organizations ========
We have no relations to these people or organizations. Let us know if we are missing, or have an error in this list. (or if any in here are acting like an arse

// AnonyOp Public Relation -  https://twitter.com/#!/AnonyMaker 
yzxzrjri4vgtjc2p AnonyOp Public Relation - The Real Gio

// AnonPlus
77rk5ecwyfzhqohm ANONPLUS -AnonPlusRadio- DarkNetFan

// SimplePM - 4v6veu7nsxklglnu.onion/SimplePM.php
fs6qgtdynha3p6rn CWKU - SimplePM Admin

// OPiran  irc.voxanon.net/#opiran
52jiqq3fpn7oghtq OPIRAN - Severus_Snape

// TorStatusNet http://lotjbov3gzzf23hc.onion/
//25kiyrtxkvx3iucr TorStatusNet - administrator 

// AnonReporter - AnonSource.org
we7koo3rkg72ozyj AnonReporter - AnonSource