#summary Getting started with jTorChat on Linux
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

= First start on Linux =

1. Add this to tor's config file<br>
{{{
HiddenServiceDir /path/to/hidden_service/
HiddenServicePort 11009 127.0.0.1:8975
}}}
2. Go into jTorChat folder.<br>
3. Run jTorChat.jar.<br>
4. After initializing of Tor you get a settings menu.<br> There are 4 Tabs:<br>
  4.1 General:<br>
   4.1.1. Profile-name: Enter your nickname here. For anonymity don't use your real name.<br>
   4.1.2. Profile-text: Here you can write stuff about you. Of course you don't need to fill it out.<br>
   4.1.3. Alert activ: If checked it shows a little window when a message arrives. (just by the clock)<br>
   4.1.4. start File transfer automaticly: If checked it saves files automaticly in Download folder.<br>
   4.1.5. page function: with this option you can activate the page function. For details about the page function go to page function entry in wiki.<br>
 4.2 Advanced:	<br>
   4.2.1. Tor socks port: Here you need to set the port your Tor service listens to. If you use the portable Tor delivered with jTorChat use the default.<br>
   4.2.2. Local Port: Instead of 8975 you can set any unused port.<br>
   4.2.3. Our ID: This is your tor hidden services address. Only edit this if you use another tor than delivered.<br>
   4.2.4. Initial Tor Portable at start: NOT WORKING FOR LINUX YET<br>
 4.3 Buddy Sync: <br>
   4.3.1. URL to Buddylist: Enter a URL to the buddylist. i.e. https://jtorchat.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Buddy_List.wiki<br>
   4.3.2. sync: Click to get the buddylist<br>
   4.3.3. sync at every start: Check to let jTorchat get the buddies at each start.<br>
 4.4 Update Check: <br>
   4.4.1  URL for check: Enter the update URL.
          https://jtorchat.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Update_function.wiki<br>
   4.4.2 check: click here for updating.<br>
   4.4.4 check for update at every start: check if you want to search for updates at start.<br>
5. Press "Request Buddies" under menupoint "File".<br>