#labels Deprecated
/nick - change nickname

/sync or /buddysync - gets the url to sync buddylist with

/addbuddy - quickly adds a new buddy based on his/her address

/help - prints out common instructions, as well as a link to a helpsite or documents.

/dice - random number

/time - your time

/profile - change your profile msg

/status - change your current status

/quit - closes jtorchat

/log - toggle logging of chat (very useful when you think you are gonna get raided)

/add - add a person to a conversation (maybe via relay? Might be spoof prone) 

---

=Harder to implement idea but may be useful (hence is low priority):=

PAGEFILE System - Kind of like 

/page {filename} - request the other user to output to chat window the content from /txt/ folder as text.

/mypage {filename} - same as above, but outputs your own file for the other user.

later on access control should be considered, however I don't know how this can be best implemented. Maybe via password? Maybe via member-list?
/page {filename} {password} 

*Example* "/page FAQ" will tell the other user to search their /txt/ folder for "FAQ" or "FAQ.txt" (basically the first term of the filename). If the other user finds "FAQ"/"FAQ.txt" that user displays the content.

-------

Test of 
{{{
/nick name
/profile text
/status on/away/xa
/time
/dice
/quit
/sync adresse
/addbuddy torid name
}}}

Testing the beta implementation. It all works, though for /profile it doesn't show you what you typed  (it gets updated however)

Also just noticed there is no way to place multiline comments by holding shift+enter.

{{{
(12:26:54) Private: change your Nick to yomang
(12:27:13) Private: change your profile to
(12:40:23) Private: Set status away
(12:40:32) Me: time: 2012.02.09 at 12:40:31
(12:40:33) {Myself}: time: 2012.02.09 at 12:40:31
(12:40:37) Me: time: 2012.02.09 at 12:40:36 /time
(12:40:38) {Myself}: time: 2012.02.09 at 12:40:36 /time
(12:40:45) Me: dice: 54
(12:40:46) {Myself}: dice: 54
(12:40:49) Me: dice: 32
(12:40:50) {Myself}: dice: 32
(12:40:54) Me: dice: 53
(12:40:54) {Myself}: dice: 53
(12:41:29) Private: start sync Buddys with 1234567890123456
(12:54:23) Me: fs6qgtdynha3p6rn
(12:54:23) {Myself}: fs6qgtdynha3p6rn
(12:54:29) Private: the buddy fs6qgtdynha3p6rn is now on the list!
(12:55:05) Private: start sync Buddys with https://jtorchat.googlecode.com/svn/wiki/Buddy_List.wiki
}}}